DRA 1.32: beta (#48330)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/dra-admin-access.md

---
title: DRAAdminAccess
content_type: feature_gate
_build:
  list: never
  render: false

stages:
  - stage: alpha
    defaultValue: false
    fromVersion: "1.32"
---

> Enables support for requesting admin access in a ResourceClaim. A ResourceClaim

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables support for requesting [admin access](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/dynamic-resource-allocation/#admin-access)
 in a ResourceClaim. A ResourceClaim
```

Author: Changed.

in a ResourceClaim. A ResourceClaim
with admin access grants access to devices which are in use and may enable
additional access permissions when making the device available in a container.

> Has no effect unless DynamicResourceAllocation is also enabled.

Reviewer 2: Maybe:
```suggestion
This feature gate has no effect unless you also enable the `DynamicResourceAllocation` feature gate.
```
Extra credit: put a comment in DynamicResourceAllocation to update this file when graduating `DynamicResourceAllocation` to stable.

Author: Done (both).
